docs/services/recap-worker.md, before:

# Recap Worker

_Last reviewed: January 22, 2026_

**Location:** `recap-worker` (Crate: `recap-worker/recap-worker`)

## Role
`recap-worker` is the **orchestrator and pipeline runner** for the Alt 7-day recap system. Written in Rust (2024 edition), it manages the end-to-end flow of generating weekly Japanese news recaps.

It delegates **heavy ML tasks** (embedding generation, coarse classification, clustering) to `recap-subworker`, keeping the worker itself focused on high-throughput data processing, pipeline coordination, and persistence.

**Pipelines:**
1.  **7-Day Recap Pipeline:** The main batch process (runs daily at 04:00 JST).
2.  **Morning Update Pipeline:** A lighter pipeline for daily article deduplication and grouping (Daemon currently **disabled** in `main.rs`, but logic exists).

## Service Snapshot

| Layer | Responsibilities |
| --- | --- |
| **Control Plane** | Axum router exposing: <br>- **Ops**: `/health/ready`, `/metrics` (Prometheus) <br>- **Triggers**: `/v1/generate/recaps/7days` <br>- **Admin**: `/admin/jobs/retry`, `/admin/genre-learning` <br>- **Dashboard**: `/v1/dashboard/*` (Metrics, Overview, Logs, Jobs, recap_jobs, job-progress, job-stats) <br>- **Eval**: `/v1/evaluation/*` (Genre classification stats) |
| **Pipeline Core** | `src/pipeline/`: Modular stages for Fetch, Preprocess, Dedup, Genre, Select, Evidence, Dispatch, Persist. |
| **Clients** | `src/clients/`: Strongly-typed HTTP clients for: <br>- **`recap-subworker`**: Coarse classification, clustering, graph refresh. <br>- **`news-creator`**: LLM summarization. <br>- **`alt-backend`**: Article fetching. <br>- **`tag-generator`**: Optional tag enrichment. |
| **Classification** | **Remote Coarse**: Calls `recap-subworker` (`/v1/classify`) for initial genre assignment. <br>**Local Refine**: Optional Graph Label Propagation stage (`src/pipeline/genre_refine.rs`) using cached graph data. |
| **Store** | `src/store/`: SQLx DAO managing `recap_jobs`, `recap_cluster_evidence`, `recap_genre_learning_results`, and `tag_label_graph` (cached from DB). |

## API Endpoints

### Dashboard Endpoints
| Endpoint | Method | Description |
| --- | --- | --- |
| `/v1/dashboard/recap_jobs` | GET | Get recap job details |
| `/v1/dashboard/job-progress` | GET | Get job progress |
| `/v1/dashboard/job-stats` | GET | Get job statistics |

## Module Architecture

### Core Modules

| Module | Description |
|--------|-------------|
| `queue/` | Classification job queue with persistent storage, retry logic, and worker pool |
| `replay/` | Pipeline replay functionality |
| `classifier/` | Graph-based classification workflow |
| `analysis/` | Analysis module |
| `language_detection/` | Language detection using lingua (English/Japanese) |
| `pipeline/executor.rs` | Resume-capable stage execution |
| `pipeline/embedding.rs` | Embedding service integration |
| `pipeline/minhash.rs` | MinHash-based similarity detection |
| `pipeline/graph_override.rs` | Dynamic graph override settings |

### Evaluation Module (`evaluation/`)

| File | Description |
|------|-------------|
| `genre.rs` | Genre classification evaluation |
| `golden.rs` | Golden dataset management |
| `metrics.rs` | Evaluation metrics calculation |
| `rouge.rs` | ROUGE score computation |

## Pipeline Flow

The 7-Day Recap Pipeline (`src/pipeline.rs`) follows these stages:

```mermaid
flowchart TB
    Start([Job Triggered<br/>Scheduler/Manual]) --> Init[Pipeline Initialization]

    Init --> GraphRefresh{Graph Pre-Refresh<br/>Enabled?}
    GraphRefresh -->|Yes| RefreshGraph[Refresh Graph via<br/>recap-subworker]
    GraphRefresh -->|No| LoadConfig
    RefreshGraph --> LoadConfig[Load Graph Override Settings<br/>from recap_worker_config]

    LoadConfig --> Fetch[Fetch Stage<br/>AltBackendFetchStage]

    Fetch --> FetchDetails[Fetch Articles<br/>- Paginated from alt-backend<br/>- Optional tag enrichment<br/>- Backup raw HTML to DB]

    FetchDetails --> Preprocess[Preprocess Stage<br/>TextPreprocessStage]

    Preprocess --> PreprocessDetails["Preprocess Articles<br/>HTML cleaning (ammonia)<br/>Language detection (whatlang)<br/>Tokenization (Lindera)<br/>Tag signal extraction"]

    PreprocessDetails --> Dedup[Dedup Stage<br/>HashDedupStage]

    Dedup --> DedupDetails["Deduplicate Articles<br/>XXH3 hashing<br/>Sentence-level similarity"]

    DedupDetails --> Genre[Genre Stage<br/>TwoStageGenreStage]

    Genre --> RemoteCoarse["Remote Coarse Pass<br/>(Call recap-subworker /v1/classify)"]

    RemoteCoarse --> RefineCheck{Refine<br/>Needed?}
    RefineCheck -->|Yes| LocalRefine["Local Graph Refine<br/>(Label Propagation)"]
    RefineCheck -->|No| Select
    LocalRefine --> Select

    Select --> SelectDetails["Select Stage<br/>Trim max 20 per genre<br/>Ensure min documents"]

    SelectDetails --> Evidence[Evidence Stage<br/>EvidenceBundle]

    Evidence --> Dispatch[Dispatch Stage<br/>MlLlmDispatchStage]

    Dispatch --> Phase1["Phase 1: Parallel Clustering<br/>(Call recap-subworker /v1/cluster)"]

    Phase1 --> Phase2["Phase 2: Sequential Summary<br/>(Call news-creator /v1/completions)"]

    Phase2 --> Persist[Persist Stage<br/>FinalSectionPersistStage]

    Persist --> End([Pipeline Complete])

    style Start fill:#e1f5ff
    style End fill:#d4edda
    style Genre fill:#fff3cd
    style RemoteCoarse fill:#fff3cd
    style LocalRefine fill:#fff3cd
    style Dispatch fill:#f8d7da
    style Phase1 fill:#f8d7da
    style Phase2 fill:#f8d7da
```

### 1. Fetch (`fetch.rs`)
*   Pulls articles from `alt-backend` for the configured window (default 7 days).
*   Optionally enriches with tags from `tag-generator`.
*   Persists raw HTML/metadata to `recap_job_articles`.

### 2. Preprocess (`preprocess.rs`)
*   Cleans HTML (`ammonia`, `html2text`).
*   Normalizes Unicode (`nfkc`).
*   Tokenizes (Lindera IPADIC) and extracts tag signals.
*   Executed in parallel using `rayon`.

### 3. Dedup (`dedup.rs`)
*   Filters near-duplicates using XXH3 hashing and sentence-level comparison.
*   Identifies a representative article for each duplicate group.

### 4. Genre Assignment (`genre.rs`, `genre_remote.rs`)
The genre classification is a hybrid **Remote + Local** process:

1.  **Remote Coarse (`RemoteGenreStage`)**: Sends article text batches to `recap-subworker`. The subworker uses a GPU-accelerated embedding model and a Logistic Regression classifier to return genre probabilities.
2.  **Local Refine (Optional)**: If the primary genre's confidence is below `GENRE_CLASSIFIER_THRESHOLD`, the worker runs a local Graph Label Propagation using the cached `tag_label_graph` to rescue the article based on its tags.

### 5. Selection (`select.rs`)
*   Trims articles per genre to meet the target count (default ~20).
*   Ensures minimum document counts per genre.
*   Can use `embedding.rs` (if enabled) for coherence filtering.

### 6. Evidence Assembly (`evidence.rs`)
*   Bundles selected articles into an `EvidenceBundle`.
*   Constructs the payload for clustering.

### 7. Dispatch (`dispatch.rs`)
*   **Clustering**: Sends the `EvidenceBundle` to `recap-subworker` (`/v1/cluster`). The subworker performs HDBSCAN/K-Means clustering and returns sorted clusters with representatives.
*   **Summarization**: Iterates through top clusters and sends them to `news-creator` (`/v1/completions`) for LLM-based summarization. This is done sequentially per genre to manage LLM context windows.

### 8. Persist (`persist.rs`)
*   Saves the final `Recap` and `RecapGenre` results to `recap_db`.
*   Stores cluster evidence in `recap_cluster_evidence` for transparency.

## Pipeline Resume Support

The pipeline supports resume capability for fault tolerance:

*   **Stage State Persistence**: Stage execution state is persisted to the `recap_stage_state` table.
*   **Lightweight Checkpoints**: The fetch stage uses lightweight checkpoints to track progress.
*   **Automatic Resume**: On restart, the pipeline automatically resumes from the last successful stage.

## Data Flow Overview

```mermaid
flowchart LR
    AltBackend[alt-backend<br/>Articles] --> Fetch[Fetch]
    TagGen[tag-generator<br/>Optional] --> Fetch

    Fetch --> Preprocess[Preprocess]
    Preprocess --> Dedup[Dedup]
    Dedup --> Genre[Genre]

    Genre --> Select[Select]
    Select --> Evidence[Evidence]

    Evidence --> Subworker[recap-subworker<br/>Clustering]

    %% Added Classification Flow
    Genre -- Classify --> Subworker[recap-subworker<br/>Classification]

    Subworker -- Cluster Results --> Dispatch[Dispatch]
    Dispatch --> NewsCreator[news-creator<br/>Summarization]

    NewsCreator --> Persist[Persist]

    Persist --> RecapDB[(recap-db<br/>PostgreSQL)]

    GraphCache[tag_label_graph<br/>Cache] --> Genre
    Config[recap_worker_config<br/>Overrides] --> Genre

    style AltBackend fill:#e1f5ff
    style TagGen fill:#e1f5ff
    style Subworker fill:#f8d7da
    style NewsCreator fill:#f8d7da
    style RecapDB fill:#d4edda
    style GraphCache fill:#fff3cd
    style Config fill:#fff3cd
```

## Configuration & Tuning

Configuration is handled via `src/config.rs` (env vars) and dynamic DB overrides.

### Key Environment Variables

#### Core Settings
*   `RECAP_WINDOW_DAYS`: Number of days to include in the recap (default 7).
*   `GENRE_CLASSIFIER_THRESHOLD`: Confidence threshold for remote classification.
*   `RECAP_GENRE_REFINE_ENABLED`: Enable/disable local graph refinement.
*   `RECAP_GENRE_REFINE_ROLLOUT_PERCENT`: Gradual rollout control for refinement.
*   `MIN_DOCUMENTS_PER_GENRE`: Minimum articles required to generate a recap for a genre.

#### LLM Configuration
*   `LLM_SUMMARY_TIMEOUT_SECS`: Timeout for LLM summarization requests (default: 600).
*   `RECAP_BATCH_SUMMARY_CHUNK_SIZE`: Batch size for summary processing (default: 25).

#### Classification Queue
*   `CLASSIFICATION_QUEUE_CONCURRENCY`: Number of concurrent classification workers (default: 8).
*   `CLASSIFICATION_QUEUE_CHUNK_SIZE`: Chunk size for classification batches.
*   `CLASSIFICATION_QUEUE_MAX_RETRIES`: Maximum retry attempts (default: 3).
*   `CLASSIFICATION_QUEUE_RETRY_DELAY_MS`: Delay between retries in milliseconds (default: 5000).

#### Job Management
*   `RECAP_JOB_RETENTION_DAYS`: Number of days to retain job data (default: 14).

#### Classification Evaluation
*   `RECAP_CLASSIFICATION_EVAL_ENABLED`: Enable classification evaluation (default: true).
*   `RECAP_CLASSIFICATION_EVAL_USE_BOOTSTRAP`: Use bootstrap sampling for evaluation (default: true).
*   `RECAP_CLASSIFICATION_EVAL_N_BOOTSTRAP`: Number of bootstrap iterations (default: 200).
*   `RECAP_CLASSIFICATION_EVAL_USE_CV`: Use cross-validation (default: false).

#### Clustering Timeouts
*   `RECAP_CLUSTERING_GENRE_TIMEOUT_SECS`: Timeout per genre clustering (default: 1500).
*   `RECAP_CLUSTERING_JOB_TIMEOUT_SECS`: Total job timeout (default: 1800).
*   `RECAP_CLUSTERING_MIN_SUCCESS_GENRES`: Minimum genres required for success (default: 1).
*   `RECAP_CLUSTERING_STUCK_THRESHOLD_SECS`: Threshold to detect stuck jobs (default: 600).

#### Language-specific Model Weights
*   `RECAP_GENRE_MODEL_WEIGHTS_JA`: Path to Japanese genre model weights.
*   `RECAP_GENRE_MODEL_WEIGHTS_EN`: Path to English genre model weights.

#### Language Detection
*   `RECAP_LANG_DETECT_MIN_CHARS`: Minimum characters for detection (default: 50).
*   `RECAP_LANG_DETECT_MIN_CONFIDENCE`: Minimum confidence threshold (default: 0.65).

### Graph & Learning
*   **Tag Label Graph**: Cached locally for `TAG_LABEL_GRAPH_TTL_SECONDS`. Loaded from `tag_label_graph` table.
*   **Graph Overrides**: Dynamic thresholds and weights can be loaded from `recap_worker_config` table at runtime.
*   **Refresh**: The pipeline can trigger a graph refresh on `recap-subworker` before execution (`RECAP_PRE_REFRESH_GRAPH_ENABLED`).

## DAO Architecture

The store layer uses a modular trait-based DAO architecture:

### Traits
| Trait | Description |
|-------|-------------|
| `ArticleDao` | Article storage and retrieval |
| `ConfigDao` | Configuration management |
| `EvaluationDao` | Evaluation data access |
| `GenreLearningDao` | Genre learning results |
| `JobDao` | Job management |
| `JobStatusDao` | Job status tracking |
| `MetricsDao` | Metrics persistence |
| `MorningDao` | Morning pipeline data |
| `OutputDao` | Output storage |
| `StageDao` | Stage state persistence |
| `SubworkerDao` | Subworker communication |

### Implementation
*   **`UnifiedDao`**: Unified implementation of all DAO traits.
*   **Backward Compatibility**: `RecapDao` remains available via compat module for legacy code.

## Development & Testing

### Commands
```bash
# Run Unit Tests
cargo -C recap-worker test

# Check Health
curl http://localhost:9005/health/ready
```

### Replay Tools
*   **`replay_genre_pipeline`**: A binary (`src/bin/replay_genre_pipeline.rs`) allowed to re-run the genre assignment stage using local datasets or DB data.
    ```bash
    cargo run --bin replay_genre_pipeline -- --dataset path/to/dataset.json --dsn $RECAP_DB_DSN
    ```

## Database Interaction
`recap-worker` relies on `recap-db` (Postgres).
*   **Migrations**: Managed in `recap-migration-atlas`.
*   **Key Tables**:
    *   `recap_jobs`: Job status and metadata.
    *   `recap_job_articles`: Raw article backup.
    *   `recap_outputs` / `recap_genres`: Final recap content.
    *   `recap_cluster_evidence`: Articles used for each cluster.
    *   `recap_worker_config`: Dynamic configuration store.
    *   `recap_stage_state`: Pipeline stage state for resume support.

## Dependencies

Key dependencies (Rust Edition 2024):

| Crate | Version | Purpose |
|-------|---------|---------|
| `rust-bert` | 0.23.0 | Transformer models |
| `lingua` | 1.4 | Language detection (English/Japanese) |
| `lindera` | 0.21 | Japanese tokenization |
| `ndarray` | 0.16 | Numerical arrays |
| `petgraph` | 0.6 | Graph data structures |
| `sprs` | 0.11 | Sparse matrices |

Commit message:

Update recap-worker documentation to include 3-day recap pipeline
- Revised the description of the `recap-worker` role to clarify its function in generating both 7-day and 3-day Japanese news recaps.
- Added details about the new 3-day recap pipeline, highlighting its faster processing and reduced prompt sizes.
- Updated the Control Plane section to include new endpoints for generating and fetching 3-day recaps.
- Clarified the environment variable `RECAP_WINDOW_DAYS` and introduced `RECAP_3DAYS_WINDOW_DAYS` for the 3-day recap configuration.

docs/services/recap-worker.md, after:

# Recap Worker

_Last reviewed: January 22, 2026_

**Location:** `recap-worker` (Crate: `recap-worker/recap-worker`)

## Role
`recap-worker` is the **orchestrator and pipeline runner** for the Alt recap system. Written in Rust (2024 edition), it manages the end-to-end flow of generating Japanese news recaps for both **7-day** (weekly deep-dive) and **3-day** (daily quick-catch) windows.

It delegates **heavy ML tasks** (embedding generation, coarse classification, clustering) to `recap-subworker`, keeping the worker itself focused on high-throughput data processing, pipeline coordination, and persistence.

**Pipelines:**
1.  **7-Day Recap Pipeline:** Weekly deep-dive batch process (runs daily at 04:00 JST).
2.  **3-Day Recap Pipeline:** Daily quick-catch batch process with smaller article window, faster processing, and reduced prompt sizes.
3.  **Morning Update Pipeline:** A lighter pipeline for daily article deduplication and grouping (Daemon currently **disabled** in `main.rs`, but logic exists).

## Service Snapshot

| Layer | Responsibilities |
| --- | --- |
| **Control Plane** | Axum router exposing: <br>- **Ops**: `/health/ready`, `/metrics` (Prometheus) <br>- **Triggers**: `/v1/generate/recaps/7days`, `/v1/generate/recaps/3days` <br>- **Fetch**: `/v1/recaps/7days`, `/v1/recaps/3days` <br>- **Admin**: `/admin/jobs/retry`, `/admin/genre-learning` <br>- **Dashboard**: `/v1/dashboard/*` (Metrics, Overview, Logs, Jobs, recap_jobs, job-progress, job-stats) <br>- **Eval**: `/v1/evaluation/*` (Genre classification stats) |
| **Pipeline Core** | `src/pipeline/`: Modular stages for Fetch, Preprocess, Dedup, Genre, Select, Evidence, Dispatch, Persist. |
| **Clients** | `src/clients/`: Strongly-typed HTTP clients for: <br>- **`recap-subworker`**: Coarse classification, clustering, graph refresh. <br>- **`news-creator`**: LLM summarization. <br>- **`alt-backend`**: Article fetching. <br>- **`tag-generator`**: Optional tag enrichment. |
| **Classification** | **Remote Coarse**: Calls `recap-subworker` (`/v1/classify`) for initial genre assignment. <br>**Local Refine**: Optional Graph Label Propagation stage (`src/pipeline/genre_refine.rs`) using cached graph data. |
| **Store** | `src/store/`: SQLx DAO managing `recap_jobs`, `recap_cluster_evidence`, `recap_genre_learning_results`, and `tag_label_graph` (cached from DB). |

## API Endpoints

### Dashboard Endpoints
| Endpoint | Method | Description |
| --- | --- | --- |
| `/v1/dashboard/recap_jobs` | GET | Get recap job details |
| `/v1/dashboard/job-progress` | GET | Get job progress |
| `/v1/dashboard/job-stats` | GET | Get job statistics |

## Module Architecture

### Core Modules

| Module | Description |
|--------|-------------|
| `queue/` | Classification job queue with persistent storage, retry logic, and worker pool |
| `replay/` | Pipeline replay functionality |
| `classifier/` | Graph-based classification workflow |
| `analysis/` | Analysis module |
| `language_detection/` | Language detection using lingua (English/Japanese) |
| `pipeline/executor.rs` | Resume-capable stage execution |
| `pipeline/embedding.rs` | Embedding service integration |
| `pipeline/minhash.rs` | MinHash-based similarity detection |
| `pipeline/graph_override.rs` | Dynamic graph override settings |

### Evaluation Module (`evaluation/`)

| File | Description |
|------|-------------|
| `genre.rs` | Genre classification evaluation |
| `golden.rs` | Golden dataset management |
| `metrics.rs` | Evaluation metrics calculation |
| `rouge.rs` | ROUGE score computation |

## Pipeline Flow

The 7-Day Recap Pipeline (`src/pipeline.rs`) follows these stages:

```mermaid
flowchart TB
    Start([Job Triggered<br/>Scheduler/Manual]) --> Init[Pipeline Initialization]

    Init --> GraphRefresh{Graph Pre-Refresh<br/>Enabled?}
    GraphRefresh -->|Yes| RefreshGraph[Refresh Graph via<br/>recap-subworker]
    GraphRefresh -->|No| LoadConfig
    RefreshGraph --> LoadConfig[Load Graph Override Settings<br/>from recap_worker_config]

    LoadConfig --> Fetch[Fetch Stage<br/>AltBackendFetchStage]

    Fetch --> FetchDetails[Fetch Articles<br/>- Paginated from alt-backend<br/>- Optional tag enrichment<br/>- Backup raw HTML to DB]

    FetchDetails --> Preprocess[Preprocess Stage<br/>TextPreprocessStage]

    Preprocess --> PreprocessDetails["Preprocess Articles<br/>HTML cleaning (ammonia)<br/>Language detection (whatlang)<br/>Tokenization (Lindera)<br/>Tag signal extraction"]

    PreprocessDetails --> Dedup[Dedup Stage<br/>HashDedupStage]

    Dedup --> DedupDetails["Deduplicate Articles<br/>XXH3 hashing<br/>Sentence-level similarity"]

    DedupDetails --> Genre[Genre Stage<br/>TwoStageGenreStage]

    Genre --> RemoteCoarse["Remote Coarse Pass<br/>(Call recap-subworker /v1/classify)"]

    RemoteCoarse --> RefineCheck{Refine<br/>Needed?}
    RefineCheck -->|Yes| LocalRefine["Local Graph Refine<br/>(Label Propagation)"]
    RefineCheck -->|No| Select
    LocalRefine --> Select

    Select --> SelectDetails["Select Stage<br/>Trim max 20 per genre<br/>Ensure min documents"]

    SelectDetails --> Evidence[Evidence Stage<br/>EvidenceBundle]

    Evidence --> Dispatch[Dispatch Stage<br/>MlLlmDispatchStage]

    Dispatch --> Phase1["Phase 1: Parallel Clustering<br/>(Call recap-subworker /v1/cluster)"]

    Phase1 --> Phase2["Phase 2: Sequential Summary<br/>(Call news-creator /v1/completions)"]

    Phase2 --> Persist[Persist Stage<br/>FinalSectionPersistStage]

    Persist --> End([Pipeline Complete])

    style Start fill:#e1f5ff
    style End fill:#d4edda
    style Genre fill:#fff3cd
    style RemoteCoarse fill:#fff3cd
    style LocalRefine fill:#fff3cd
    style Dispatch fill:#f8d7da
    style Phase1 fill:#f8d7da
    style Phase2 fill:#f8d7da
```

### 1. Fetch (`fetch.rs`)
*   Pulls articles from `alt-backend` for the configured window (default 7 days).
*   Optionally enriches with tags from `tag-generator`.
*   Persists raw HTML/metadata to `recap_job_articles`.

### 2. Preprocess (`preprocess.rs`)
*   Cleans HTML (`ammonia`, `html2text`).
*   Normalizes Unicode (`nfkc`).
*   Tokenizes (Lindera IPADIC) and extracts tag signals.
*   Executed in parallel using `rayon`.

### 3. Dedup (`dedup.rs`)
*   Filters near-duplicates using XXH3 hashing and sentence-level comparison.
*   Identifies a representative article for each duplicate group.

### 4. Genre Assignment (`genre.rs`, `genre_remote.rs`)
The genre classification is a hybrid **Remote + Local** process:

1.  **Remote Coarse (`RemoteGenreStage`)**: Sends article text batches to `recap-subworker`. The subworker uses a GPU-accelerated embedding model and a Logistic Regression classifier to return genre probabilities.
2.  **Local Refine (Optional)**: If the primary genre's confidence is below `GENRE_CLASSIFIER_THRESHOLD`, the worker runs a local Graph Label Propagation using the cached `tag_label_graph` to rescue the article based on its tags.

### 5. Selection (`select.rs`)
*   Trims articles per genre to meet the target count (default ~20).
*   Ensures minimum document counts per genre.
*   Can use `embedding.rs` (if enabled) for coherence filtering.

### 6. Evidence Assembly (`evidence.rs`)
*   Bundles selected articles into an `EvidenceBundle`.
*   Constructs the payload for clustering.

### 7. Dispatch (`dispatch.rs`)
*   **Clustering**: Sends the `EvidenceBundle` to `recap-subworker` (`/v1/cluster`). The subworker performs HDBSCAN/K-Means clustering and returns sorted clusters with representatives.
*   **Summarization**: Iterates through top clusters and sends them to `news-creator` (`/v1/completions`) for LLM-based summarization. This is done sequentially per genre to manage LLM context windows.

### 8. Persist (`persist.rs`)
*   Saves the final `Recap` and `RecapGenre` results to `recap_db`.
*   Stores cluster evidence in `recap_cluster_evidence` for transparency.

## Pipeline Resume Support

The pipeline supports resume capability for fault tolerance:

*   **Stage State Persistence**: Stage execution state is persisted to the `recap_stage_state` table.
*   **Lightweight Checkpoints**: The fetch stage uses lightweight checkpoints to track progress.
*   **Automatic Resume**: On restart, the pipeline automatically resumes from the last successful stage.

## Data Flow Overview

```mermaid
flowchart LR
    AltBackend[alt-backend<br/>Articles] --> Fetch[Fetch]
    TagGen[tag-generator<br/>Optional] --> Fetch

    Fetch --> Preprocess[Preprocess]
    Preprocess --> Dedup[Dedup]
    Dedup --> Genre[Genre]

    Genre --> Select[Select]
    Select --> Evidence[Evidence]

    Evidence --> Subworker[recap-subworker<br/>Clustering]

    %% Added Classification Flow
    Genre -- Classify --> Subworker[recap-subworker<br/>Classification]

    Subworker -- Cluster Results --> Dispatch[Dispatch]
    Dispatch --> NewsCreator[news-creator<br/>Summarization]

    NewsCreator --> Persist[Persist]

    Persist --> RecapDB[(recap-db<br/>PostgreSQL)]

    GraphCache[tag_label_graph<br/>Cache] --> Genre
    Config[recap_worker_config<br/>Overrides] --> Genre

    style AltBackend fill:#e1f5ff
    style TagGen fill:#e1f5ff
    style Subworker fill:#f8d7da
    style NewsCreator fill:#f8d7da
    style RecapDB fill:#d4edda
    style GraphCache fill:#fff3cd
    style Config fill:#fff3cd
```

## Configuration & Tuning

Configuration is handled via `src/config.rs` (env vars) and dynamic DB overrides.

### Key Environment Variables

#### Core Settings
*   `RECAP_WINDOW_DAYS`: Number of days to include in the 7-day recap (default 7).
*   `RECAP_3DAYS_WINDOW_DAYS`: Number of days to include in the 3-day recap (default 3).
*   `GENRE_CLASSIFIER_THRESHOLD`: Confidence threshold for remote classification.
*   `RECAP_GENRE_REFINE_ENABLED`: Enable/disable local graph refinement.
*   `RECAP_GENRE_REFINE_ROLLOUT_PERCENT`: Gradual rollout control for refinement.
*   `MIN_DOCUMENTS_PER_GENRE`: Minimum articles required to generate a recap for a genre.

#### LLM Configuration
*   `LLM_SUMMARY_TIMEOUT_SECS`: Timeout for LLM summarization requests (default: 600).
*   `RECAP_BATCH_SUMMARY_CHUNK_SIZE`: Batch size for summary processing (default: 25).

#### Classification Queue
*   `CLASSIFICATION_QUEUE_CONCURRENCY`: Number of concurrent classification workers (default: 8).
*   `CLASSIFICATION_QUEUE_CHUNK_SIZE`: Chunk size for classification batches.
*   `CLASSIFICATION_QUEUE_MAX_RETRIES`: Maximum retry attempts (default: 3).
*   `CLASSIFICATION_QUEUE_RETRY_DELAY_MS`: Delay between retries in milliseconds (default: 5000).

#### Job Management
*   `RECAP_JOB_RETENTION_DAYS`: Number of days to retain job data (default: 14).

#### Classification Evaluation
*   `RECAP_CLASSIFICATION_EVAL_ENABLED`: Enable classification evaluation (default: true).
*   `RECAP_CLASSIFICATION_EVAL_USE_BOOTSTRAP`: Use bootstrap sampling for evaluation (default: true).
*   `RECAP_CLASSIFICATION_EVAL_N_BOOTSTRAP`: Number of bootstrap iterations (default: 200).
*   `RECAP_CLASSIFICATION_EVAL_USE_CV`: Use cross-validation (default: false).

#### Clustering Timeouts
*   `RECAP_CLUSTERING_GENRE_TIMEOUT_SECS`: Timeout per genre clustering (default: 1500).
*   `RECAP_CLUSTERING_JOB_TIMEOUT_SECS`: Total job timeout (default: 1800).
*   `RECAP_CLUSTERING_MIN_SUCCESS_GENRES`: Minimum genres required for success (default: 1).
*   `RECAP_CLUSTERING_STUCK_THRESHOLD_SECS`: Threshold to detect stuck jobs (default: 600).

#### Language-specific Model Weights
*   `RECAP_GENRE_MODEL_WEIGHTS_JA`: Path to Japanese genre model weights.
*   `RECAP_GENRE_MODEL_WEIGHTS_EN`: Path to English genre model weights.

#### Language Detection
*   `RECAP_LANG_DETECT_MIN_CHARS`: Minimum characters for detection (default: 50).
*   `RECAP_LANG_DETECT_MIN_CONFIDENCE`: Minimum confidence threshold (default: 0.65).

### Graph & Learning
*   **Tag Label Graph**: Cached locally for `TAG_LABEL_GRAPH_TTL_SECONDS`. Loaded from `tag_label_graph` table.
*   **Graph Overrides**: Dynamic thresholds and weights can be loaded from `recap_worker_config` table at runtime.
*   **Refresh**: The pipeline can trigger a graph refresh on `recap-subworker` before execution (`RECAP_PRE_REFRESH_GRAPH_ENABLED`).

## DAO Architecture

The store layer uses a modular trait-based DAO architecture:

### Traits
| Trait | Description |
|-------|-------------|
| `ArticleDao` | Article storage and retrieval |
| `ConfigDao` | Configuration management |
| `EvaluationDao` | Evaluation data access |
| `GenreLearningDao` | Genre learning results |
| `JobDao` | Job management |
| `JobStatusDao` | Job status tracking |
| `MetricsDao` | Metrics persistence |
| `MorningDao` | Morning pipeline data |
| `OutputDao` | Output storage |
| `StageDao` | Stage state persistence |
| `SubworkerDao` | Subworker communication |

### Implementation
*   **`UnifiedDao`**: Unified implementation of all DAO traits.
*   **Backward Compatibility**: `RecapDao` remains available via compat module for legacy code.

## Development & Testing

### Commands
```bash
# Run Unit Tests
cargo -C recap-worker test

# Check Health
curl http://localhost:9005/health/ready
```

### Replay Tools
*   **`replay_genre_pipeline`**: A binary (`src/bin/replay_genre_pipeline.rs`) allowed to re-run the genre assignment stage using local datasets or DB data.
    ```bash
    cargo run --bin replay_genre_pipeline -- --dataset path/to/dataset.json --dsn $RECAP_DB_DSN
    ```

## Database Interaction
`recap-worker` relies on `recap-db` (Postgres).
*   **Migrations**: Managed in `recap-migration-atlas`.
*   **Key Tables**:
    *   `recap_jobs`: Job status and metadata.
    *   `recap_job_articles`: Raw article backup.
    *   `recap_outputs` / `recap_genres`: Final recap content.
    *   `recap_cluster_evidence`: Articles used for each cluster.
    *   `recap_worker_config`: Dynamic configuration store.
    *   `recap_stage_state`: Pipeline stage state for resume support.

## Dependencies

Key dependencies (Rust Edition 2024):

| Crate | Version | Purpose |
|-------|---------|---------|
| `rust-bert` | 0.23.0 | Transformer models |
| `lingua` | 1.4 | Language detection (English/Japanese) |
| `lindera` | 0.21 | Japanese tokenization |
| `ndarray` | 0.16 | Numerical arrays |
| `petgraph` | 0.6 | Graph data structures |
| `sprs` | 0.11 | Sparse matrices |
