docs/recap-worker.md, before:

# Recap Worker

_Last reviewed: November 12, 2025_

**Location:** `recap-worker/recap-worker`

## Role
- Rust 2024 batch processor that turns the last seven days of articles into curated Japanese recaps.
- Orchestrates the full pipeline—fetch, preprocess, deduplicate, genre-tag, evidence build, ML clustering (recap-subworker), LLM summarization (news-creator), and persistence into recap-db—while shipping metrics and admin APIs via Axum.

## Service Snapshot
| Layer | Highlights |
| --- | --- |
| Control Plane | Axum router exposing `/health/live`, `/health/ready`, `/metrics`, `/v1/generate/recaps/7days`, `/admin/jobs/retry`. |
| Pipeline (`src/pipeline/`) | Stages: fetch → preprocess → dedup → genre → evidence → dispatch → persist. |
| Clients (`src/clients/`) | Typed HTTP clients for alt-backend, recap-subworker (`/v1/runs`), and news-creator (LLM summaries) with JSON Schema validation. |
| Store (`src/store/`) | SQLx DAO with advisory locks, recap job metadata, JSONB outputs, and the new `recap_cluster_evidence` table for pre-deduplicated links. |
| Observability (`src/observability/`) | Tracing, Prometheus exporter, OTLP wiring plus new counters for genre refine rollout gating (`recap_genre_refine_rollout_enabled_total` / `_skipped_total`), graph boosts, fallbacks, and LLM latency. |

## Code Status
- `src/app.rs` assembles config, DAO, telemetry, scheduler, and HTTP clients, then launches both the control plane and pipeline runner.
- Scheduler defaults to a JST-tuned cron (04:00 UTC+9) but manual runs are supported via `POST /v1/generate/recaps/7days`.
- Pipeline stages:
  1. **Fetch:** Pulls articles from alt-backend for `RECAP_WINDOW_DAYS`, backs up raw HTML, and records job metadata.
  2. **Preprocess:** Cleans HTML (ammonia/html2text), normalizes Unicode, detects language (`whatlang`), and tokenizes.
  3. **Dedup:** XXH3 hashing + sentence filters to drop near-duplicates.
  4. **Genre:** Hybrid heuristic classifier assigns up to 3 genres per article. When refinement is enabled, the stage preloads `tag_label_graph` from recap-db using the `TAG_LABEL_GRAPH_WINDOW` window and refreshes the cache every `TAG_LABEL_GRAPH_TTL_SECONDS` seconds so boosts stay current without restarts.
  5. **Evidence:** Bundles articles per genre, capturing language mix + metadata; now enforces per-genre article uniqueness before dispatch so the downstream evidence payload already reflects the final cap.
 6. **Dispatch:** Sends corpora to recap-subworker (clustering) and news-creator (LLM summary) with strict schema validation + retries; the returned representatives are persisted to `recap_cluster_evidence` once and later reused by the API.
  7. **Persist:** Writes recap sections + evidence to `recap_outputs`/`recap_jobs` tables inside recap-db.
- JSON Schema contracts for recap-subworker/news-creator responses live alongside clients; failed validation short-circuits persistence and surfaces metrics.

## Integrations & Data
- **recap-db (Postgres 16):** Source of truth for jobs, cached articles, `recap_cluster_evidence`, and final recaps. Schema maintained via Atlas migrations in `recap-migration-atlas/` (see `20251112000100_add_cluster_evidence_table.sql`).
- **recap-subworker:** Receives evidence corpus, returns clustering JSON with trimmed, per-genre-unique representatives.
- **news-creator:** Generates summaries per cluster/genre.
- **alt-backend:** Provides raw article feed via authenticated HTTP client.

## Testing & Tooling
- `cargo test -p recap-worker` for unit/integration suites (Axum handlers, pipeline stages, DAO, clients).
- `cargo bench -p recap-worker --bench performance` to profile preprocessing + keyword scoring.
- Health scripts:
  - `curl http://localhost:9005/health/ready`
- `curl http://localhost:9005/metrics | egrep 'recap_api_(latest_fetch|cluster_query)_duration_seconds'`
- DB inspection: `psql $RECAP_DB_DSN -c "SELECT * FROM recap_jobs ORDER BY kicked_at DESC LIMIT 5;"`.
- Troubleshooting references:
  - `recap-worker/TROUBLESHOOTING.md`
  - `recap-worker/docs/dedup_analysis.md`
  - `recap-worker/docs/subworker_404_investigation.md`

## Operational Notes
- Compose profile includes recap-db and recap-subworker; run `docker compose --profile logging --profile ollama up recap-worker recap-db recap-subworker`.
- Manual trigger: `curl -X POST http://localhost:9005/v1/generate/recaps/7days -H "Content-Type: application/json" -d '{"genres":["tech","finance"]}'`.
- Jobs acquire advisory locks per window to prevent overlaps; clear stuck locks via `SELECT pg_advisory_unlock_all();` when safe.
- Run the Atlas migration that creates `recap_cluster_evidence` before deploying; verify population with `SELECT COUNT(*) FROM recap_cluster_evidence;` after the first recap completes.
- Monitor GET `/v1/recaps/7days` latency via `recap_api_latest_fetch_duration_seconds` and the new duplicate counter `recap_api_evidence_duplicates_total` to confirm dedup is happening before DTO assembly.
- Keep JSON Schema versions in sync with downstream services before deploying new payload fields.
- Grafana: import `observability/grafana/recap-genre-dashboard.json` to surface `genre_tag_agreement_rate`, `recap_genre_tag_missing_ratio`, and `recap_genre_graph_hits_total`. Alertmanager rules live in `observability/alerts/recap-genre-rules.yaml`.
- Rollout controls: use `RECAP_GENRE_REFINE_ENABLED` plus the new `RECAP_GENRE_REFINE_ROLLOUT_PERCENT` (10/50/100) to gate the corpus. The new counters `recap_genre_refine_rollout_enabled_total` and `_skipped_total` plus `recap_genre_refine_graph_hits_total`/`recap_genre_refine_fallback_total`/`recap_genre_refine_llm_latency_seconds` reflect deployment coverage, Graph boosts, fallback hits, and LLM latency respectively. See `docs/recap-genre-rollout-runbook.md` for the Phase 5 playbook.

## LLM Tips
- Specify stage/module when asking for changes (e.g., “update `src/pipeline/dedup.rs` to tweak XXH3 threshold”).
- Mention corresponding schema files if altering recap outputs to ensure DAO + JSON validators are updated together.

Commit message:

feat: Introduce Recap APIs and enhance documentation
- Added `RecapGateway` and `RecapUsecase` for handling recap data, including new endpoints for fetching 7-day recaps and articles.
- Updated frontend documentation to reflect changes in the mobile recap experience and UI improvements.
- Enhanced backend documentation with details on caching strategies and new database tables for storing deduplicated evidence and tag priors.
- Included instructions for ensuring service readiness and integration with the recap pipeline.

docs/recap-worker.md, after:

# Recap Worker

_Last reviewed: November 12, 2025_

**Location:** `recap-worker/recap-worker`

## Role
- Rust 2024 batch processor that turns the last seven days of articles into curated Japanese recaps.
- Orchestrates the full pipeline—fetch, preprocess, deduplicate, genre-tag, evidence build, ML clustering (recap-subworker), LLM summarization (news-creator), and persistence into recap-db—while shipping metrics and admin APIs via Axum.

## Service Snapshot
| Layer | Highlights |
| --- | --- |
| Control Plane | Axum router exposing `/health/live`, `/health/ready`, `/metrics`, `/v1/generate/recaps/7days`, `/admin/jobs/retry`. |
| Pipeline (`src/pipeline/`) | Stages: fetch → preprocess → dedup → genre → evidence → dispatch → persist. |
| Clients (`src/clients/`) | Typed HTTP clients for alt-backend, recap-subworker (`/v1/runs`), and news-creator (LLM summaries) with JSON Schema validation. |
| Store (`src/store/`) | SQLx DAO with advisory locks, recap job metadata, JSONB outputs, the `recap_cluster_evidence` table for pre-deduplicated links, `recap_genre_learning_results`, and cached `tag_label_graph` priors for the refine stage. |
| Observability (`src/observability/`) | Tracing, Prometheus exporter, OTLP wiring plus new counters for genre refine rollout gating (`recap_genre_refine_rollout_enabled_total` / `_skipped_total`), graph boosts, fallbacks, and LLM latency. |

## Code Status
- `src/app.rs` assembles config, DAO, telemetry, scheduler, and HTTP clients, then launches both the control plane and pipeline runner.
- Scheduler defaults to a JST-tuned cron (04:00 UTC+9) but manual runs are supported via `POST /v1/generate/recaps/7days`.
- Pipeline stages:
  1. **Fetch:** Pulls articles from alt-backend for `RECAP_WINDOW_DAYS`, backs up raw HTML, and records job metadata.
  2. **Preprocess:** Cleans HTML (ammonia/html2text), normalizes Unicode, detects language (`whatlang`), and tokenizes.
  3. **Dedup:** XXH3 hashing + sentence filters to drop near-duplicates.
  4. **Genre:** Hybrid heuristic classifier assigns up to 3 genres per article. When refinement is enabled, the stage preloads `tag_label_graph` from recap-db using the `TAG_LABEL_GRAPH_WINDOW` window and refreshes the cache every `TAG_LABEL_GRAPH_TTL_SECONDS` seconds so boosts stay current without restarts.
  5. **Evidence:** Bundles articles per genre, capturing language mix + metadata; now enforces per-genre article uniqueness before dispatch so the downstream evidence payload already reflects the final cap.
 6. **Dispatch:** Sends corpora to recap-subworker (clustering) and news-creator (LLM summary) with strict schema validation + retries; the returned representatives are persisted to `recap_cluster_evidence` once and later reused by the API.
  7. **Persist:** Writes recap sections + evidence to `recap_outputs`/`recap_jobs` tables inside recap-db.
- JSON Schema contracts for recap-subworker/news-creator responses live alongside clients; failed validation short-circuits persistence and surfaces metrics.

## Replay & Evaluation
- `scripts/replay_genre_pipeline.rs` (and the `replay` module under `src/replay.rs`) replays the genre refinement stage using JSONL datasets, reloads `tag_label_graph` (honouring `TAG_LABEL_GRAPH_WINDOW` and `TAG_LABEL_GRAPH_TTL_SECONDS`), and persists tightened rows into `recap_genre_learning_results`. Use flags such as `--dataset`, `--dsn`, `--graph-window`, `--graph-ttl`, `--require-tags`, and `--dry-run` to validate revisions safely.
- Summary quality is guarded by the golden dataset evaluation stack in `recap-worker/tests/golden_eval.rs` and `src/evaluation/golden.rs`, which loads `recap-worker/resources/golden_runs.json`, computes ROUGE, and fails the suite if precision dips below the acceptable threshold; run `cargo test -p recap-worker tests::golden_eval` (or rerun `scripts/replay_genre_pipeline.rs` after prompt/model tweaks) whenever you tweak summarization prompts or reference evidence.

## Integrations & Data
- **recap-db (Postgres 16):** Source of truth for jobs, cached articles, `recap_cluster_evidence`, `recap_genre_learning_results`, `tag_label_graph`, and final recaps. Schema maintained via Atlas migrations in `recap-migration-atlas/` (see `20251112000100_add_cluster_evidence_table.sql`, `20251113000100_create_tag_label_graph.sql`, `20251113093000_add_genre_learning_results.sql`). Refresh the graph using `scripts/replay_genre_pipeline.rs` or `tag-generator/app/scripts/build_label_graph.py` whenever you adjust `TAG_LABEL_GRAPH_WINDOW`/`TAG_LABEL_GRAPH_TTL_SECONDS`.
- **recap-subworker:** Receives evidence corpus, returns clustering JSON with trimmed, per-genre-unique representatives.
- **news-creator:** Generates summaries per cluster/genre.
- **alt-backend:** Provides raw article feed via authenticated HTTP client.

## Testing & Tooling
- `cargo test -p recap-worker` for unit/integration suites (Axum handlers, pipeline stages, DAO, clients).
- `cargo bench -p recap-worker --bench performance` to profile preprocessing + keyword scoring.
- Health scripts:
  - `curl http://localhost:9005/health/ready`
- `curl http://localhost:9005/metrics | egrep 'recap_api_(latest_fetch|cluster_query)_duration_seconds'`
- DB inspection: `psql $RECAP_DB_DSN -c "SELECT * FROM recap_jobs ORDER BY kicked_at DESC LIMIT 5;"`.
- Troubleshooting references:
  - `recap-worker/TROUBLESHOOTING.md`
  - `recap-worker/docs/dedup_analysis.md`
  - `recap-worker/docs/subworker_404_investigation.md`
- Golden dataset evaluation: `recap-worker/tests/golden_eval.rs` exercises `resources/golden_runs.json` and the ROUGE helpers in `src/evaluation/golden.rs`; run `cargo test -p recap-worker tests::golden_eval` and/or `scripts/replay_genre_pipeline.rs` anytime you change prompts, clustering, or tag priors.

## Operational Notes
- Compose profile includes recap-db and recap-subworker; run `docker compose --profile logging --profile ollama up recap-worker recap-db recap-subworker`.
- Manual trigger: `curl -X POST http://localhost:9005/v1/generate/recaps/7days -H "Content-Type: application/json" -d '{"genres":["tech","finance"]}'`.
- Jobs acquire advisory locks per window to prevent overlaps; clear stuck locks via `SELECT pg_advisory_unlock_all();` when safe.
- Run the Atlas migration that creates `recap_cluster_evidence` before deploying; verify population with `SELECT COUNT(*) FROM recap_cluster_evidence;` after the first recap completes.
- Monitor GET `/v1/recaps/7days` latency via `recap_api_latest_fetch_duration_seconds` and the new duplicate counter `recap_api_evidence_duplicates_total` to confirm dedup is happening before DTO assembly.
- Keep JSON Schema versions in sync with downstream services before deploying new payload fields.
- Grafana: import `observability/grafana/recap-genre-dashboard.json` to surface `genre_tag_agreement_rate`, `recap_genre_tag_missing_ratio`, and `recap_genre_graph_hits_total`. Alertmanager rules live in `observability/alerts/recap-genre-rules.yaml`.
- Rollout controls: use `RECAP_GENRE_REFINE_ENABLED` plus the new `RECAP_GENRE_REFINE_ROLLOUT_PERCENT` (10/50/100) to gate the corpus. The new counters `recap_genre_refine_rollout_enabled_total` and `_skipped_total` plus `recap_genre_refine_graph_hits_total`/`recap_genre_refine_fallback_total`/`recap_genre_refine_llm_latency_seconds` reflect deployment coverage, Graph boosts, fallback hits, and LLM latency respectively. See `docs/recap-genre-rollout-runbook.md` for the Phase 5 playbook.
- Replay helper: run `cargo run --bin replay_genre_pipeline -- --dataset path/to/dataset.json --dsn $RECAP_DB_DSN --graph-window 7d --graph-ttl 900` (or use the script alias) to re-run the genre pipeline offline, refresh `recap_genre_learning_results`, and verify `tag_label_graph` outputs when you adjust TTLs or priors. Ensure `TAG_LABEL_GRAPH_WINDOW`/`TAG_LABEL_GRAPH_TTL_SECONDS` stay in sync across `.env`, `tag-generator`, and the running worker.

## LLM Tips
- Specify stage/module when asking for changes (e.g., “update `src/pipeline/dedup.rs` to tweak XXH3 threshold”).
- Mention corresponding schema files if altering recap outputs to ensure DAO + JSON validators are updated together.
